[Translation] Fix example of using ICU message directly in code (#16905)
symfony/symfony-docs: translation/message_format.rst

    It's possible to translate ICU MessageFormat messages directly in code,
    without having to define them in any file::

        use Symfony\Component\Translation\MessageCatalogueInterface;

        $invitation = '{organizer_gender, select,
            female {{organizer_name} has invited you for her party!}
            male   {{organizer_name} has invited you for his party!}
            other  {{organizer_name} have invited you for their party!}
        }';

        // prints "Ryan has invited you for his party!"
        echo $translator->trans(
            $invitation,
            [
                'organizer_name' => 'Ryan',
                'organizer_gender' => 'male',
            ],

>             // Don't forget to suffix the domain with +intl-icu

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Appending MessageCatalogueInterface::INTL_DOMAIN_SUFFIX will add the required suffix “+intl-icu” to the domain
```

IMHO, “Don't forget” looks like I have something to do, but the suffix is already added on the line after, so we can just explain what it will do.

Author: Works for me.
